{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Acknowledgements\
\
All learning outcomes attained in full.\
\
Created an exceptionally user-friendly bioinformatics pipeline, working without any error and requiring very little input or action from the user. The code is fully annotated and optimised, including an exploration of additional parameters and options of use. The analyses is easily reproducible on the same and on other datasets without fail, and the code helps in identification of any error. Parameters of software and their effects are explained, and choices justified. The biological results obtained are explained in depth. Extensive suggestions of additional analyses is also given. Outstanding command of critical analysis and judgement is evident. The presentation of the tutorial is efficient and comprehensive and aesthetically pleasing, whilst still being at the service of the content \
\'a0\'a0\
Demonstrated the ability to code properly in Scientific Programming Language Python, Command Line Terminal and navigate Anaconda-the tools and environment required. The code can be run without modification, locally, produces an output with no error. The code and associated materials are concise, easy to read, well annotated, works perfectly, and is presented in such a way as to allow others to understand the intentions of the code quickly and easily and what the code is doing. Excellent range and depth of knowledge in coding. There is an accurate interpretation of results in term of biology. The discussion and presentation of these results go beyond that expected given the taught content of the course. There is evidence of independence in the development of ideas of how to present and summarize the data. Further explained additional strategies that could be employed to go further in the study presented, whilst staying mindful of the biological context. \
Presentation is in terms of English language, grammar, and layout. Analyses make biological sense, and the results are presented clearly. The material is very user friendly and contains enough details for an extensive interpretation of results. }